# Pride-Cat

pride-cat is probably what you could consider my first development project. At work, I had to get a new computer at my desk as my old one was having all sorts of health problems. In the process, I ended up having to reinstall and reconfigure a fair bit of my terminal setup (thanks, time machine). 

I've been using `fish` as my shell for the last few years. I had initially attempted to use `zsh` with `oh-my-zsh` but several years ago, when I was much less comfy with the terminal and such, I found myself unable to access all the cool features that had been advertised. So, my friend suggested `fish` and I immediately fell in love. Over the years, I didn't do much tweaking beyond a pretty greeting and a super simple prompt. 

## Slavic Cat

After my negative experience trying to run `zsh` and `oh-my-zsh`, I had not initially paid any attention to oh-my-fish. This time around, though, I gave it a go, and I started perusing the themes available. Nothing particularly struck my fancy, but [Slavic Cat](https://github.com/yangwao/omf-theme-slavic-cat) caught my attention. It wasn't *precisely* what I was looking for, but it was close, and I figured I could make it my own. I liked the colors, I loved the cat, and I laughed at the hammer and sickle, so it seemed like the perfect starting point. 

I installed it and started tweaking it, but I somewhat quickly realized that the way omf handles themes is not particularly well suited to just manually editing files, so I forked it instead. 

## Pride Cat

My first modification was of course to turn the prompt arrow into a trans pride flag, like the prompt I had been using previously. I also decided that I did not like the `fish_bind_mode` indicator, as I did not use anything but the normal mode. I went to just entirely comment out that block, but had the thought to instead wrap it in an `if` and control it with an environment variable. Thus, Pride Cat was born. 

